The MoonStone discovery
=======================

:date: 2016-08-19
:slug: the-moonstone-discovery
:status: published
:summary: By looking at a fireplace, a medieval sorcerer can turn stone into moonstones.
:tags: Creative Writing, MagicRealismBot

Prompt
------

    By looking at a fireplace, a medieval sorcerer can turn stone into
    moonstones.  `MagicRealismBot`_

.. _MagicRealismBot: https://twitter.com/MagicRealismBot/status/766606956295356420

----

Ellyn scrambled to take notes as fast as she could.  She had finally found a
way to produce **MoonStone** and it would change *everything*!  With
**MoonStone** one could turn sand into gold, the living into the dead, and
countless other *theoretical* properties she had read of.  Now that she was
able to produce that which had alluded sorcerers since the dawn of knowledge
the sky was the limit.

She took her quill and parchment and wrote furiously.  She described in great
detail the position of the Sun in the Sky, the time of year, where she stood in
the room and where the room stood on Earth.  She knew every detail wouldn't be
important but every detail *could* be so they all must be recorded.

    - ...

    - Standing my robes, staring intently at 12 BoilingRocks in the fireplace,
      facing head-first at the display.
    - The sun stands high in a Summer's fore-noon, just glancing through the
      window unto the fireplace.
    - After the duration of approximately three Hail Mary's the stones turned
      white and fragile.
    - The rocks no-doubt turned into **MoonStones** as was theorized.  Their
      shape and texture proves it so.

      - The MoonStones glow faint white, matte and with hints of spiritual
        aura.
      - The **MoonStones** weigh substantially less than the BoilingRocks did,
        perhaps losing mass in the process of transformation.

    - ...

As she finished writing her findings she grabbed her wax and seal and marked
it to be delivered to her mentor Rowan.  He had spent the better part of his
long life (*76 years young!*) attempting to find the secret to producing
**MoonStone** from earthly materials but had come up empty-handed.  Ellyn felt
proud of her findings and was glad to be able to share it with Rowan.

Moments later Ellyn sent off her findings with a sample of the **MoonStone**
via the local carrier.  She told him to *take it with haste to Rowan* and gave
the carrier an extra copper piece in hopes that he would.  The carrier ran off
down the road, the journey was almost a quarter day's travel so Ellyn returned
to her study.

As she sat in wait studying the **MoonStones**, she grew weary of her
findings.  Just a moment ago she was so sure of her discovery, but now that
she had sent off the finding she became... hesitant.  Was this **MoonStone**
or perhaps the similar *SilverStone*.  **MoonStone** was only theoretical,
studied in the mind and never before in the hand; it had never been proven to
exist so what made her so sure that *this rock* was what they had been
searching for.  She was, after all, just an apprentice sorcerer; what did she
know?  If Rowan determined her findings untrue what would stop him from
revoking his mentor ship?  Her years of study would be for naut.

Ellyn had always been prone to worry. She took a deep breath and with nothing
else to do, she sat in wait.
