Write the Docs Day 1
====================

:date: 2015-08-31
:slug: 2015-08-31
:status: published
:summary: Monday August 31, 2015. 
:tags: Europe 2015, Travel, Prague, Write the Docs

I spent most of today enjoying the Write the Docs talks and (air 
conditioned) venue. I took some notes. 

* The keynote about the imposter syndrome was very relatable. The coping
  mechanism of framing goals in "I want to do..." instead of "I want to be..."
  seems like it could be effective. I liked the quote "Make better mistakes
  tomorrow". 
* The second talk about naming things was very good and got me to think about
  the structure of documentation metadata (using labels vs taxonomy vs
  thesaurus, etc). This will be useful someday I'm sure. 
* The third talk about [emojii] and the use of emoji was [emojii]. I
  never considered using them before, but I will going forward. 
* The fourth talk mentioned using `Selenium`_ to test docs, that just makes
  sense. It's so obvious I wish it was easier. 
* The API Docs talk mentioned that you should give your user the data they will
  be working with as a top level priority instead of an after thought. This
  will definitely be a priority for me. I already try to give plenty of
  examples (since I speak example natively), but I'll be more Conscience of it. 
* The Design Docs with Disability in Mind was interesting. The big takeaway for
  me was keeping the elderly in mind. 
* The meta talk about crafting a presentation was delivered very well and
  mentioned adding contrast slide decks... I should have listened to this
  advice... 
* The second to the last talk of the day covered the plethora of rules we place
  on documentation. Having just recently helped established some style guides
  for the OSL docs I think we did a good job of giving some leeway to the
  writers.  The extreme example of 'Limited rules docs' (e.g., the Python
  Documentation) does not really work well for the reader in my experience. 
* The final talk by some `MDN`_ writers equated docs to a garden.  The metaphor
  worked surprisingly well. 

For a full list of the talks and their descriptions, visit the `event's
schedule`_. 

Day 1 was pretty emojii. We ended the night with emojii at a venue called The
Pub. Many conversations and laughs were had. I like this crowd. 

.. _event's schedule: http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/eu/2015/schedule/
.. _Selenium: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selenium_%28software%29?wprov=sfia1
.. _MDN: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/
